Create feature-flag-best-practices.md (#4804)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/topics/feature-flags/runtime-control.md

**3. API Layer**: Develop an API layer that exposes endpoints for your application to interact with the Feature Flag Control Service. This API should allow your application to request feature flag configurations.

**4. Feature Flag SDK**: Build or integrate a feature flag SDK into your application. This SDK should provide an easy-to-use interface for fetching flag configurations and evaluating feature flags at runtime. When evaluating feature flags in your application, the call to the SDK should query the local cache, and the SDK should ask the central service for updates in the background. 

Build SDK bindings for each relevant language in your organization. Make sure that the SDKs uphold a standard contract governed by a set of feature flag client specifications that documents what functionality each SDK should support.

![feature-flag-scalable-architecture](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/assets/87366358/e0ac76e0-992c-49ef-80be-70d2971ed937)

> **5. Real-Time Update Service**: Implement real-time updates in your application so that changes to feature flag configurations are immediately reflected without requiring application restarts or redeployments. The SDK should handle subscriptions or polling to the feature flag service for updates.

Reviewer: I want us to not use “real-time”. We can say something in the lines of:

“**Continuously updated**” 
_Implement updates in your_…

> **5. Real-Time Update Service**: Implement real-time updates in your application so that changes to feature flag configurations are immediately reflected without requiring application restarts or redeployments. The SDK should handle subscriptions or polling to the feature flag service for updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**5. Continuously Updated**: Implement update mechanisms in your application so that changes to feature flag configurations are reflected without requiring application restarts or redeployments. The SDK should handle subscriptions or polling to the feature flag service for updates.
```

Author: updated.
